Feat: [FLOW CONTROL]: KV Cache Saturation V1 (#12)
llm-d-incubation/py-inference-scheduler: docs/kv_saturation.md

> # KV Saturation Flow Control

Reviewer: We need benchmarks, and we need to explain our assumptions in those benchmarks (synthetically produced OSL knowledge). 

W/out benchmarks these are just really cool sounding ideas.

Author: Agreed. This was just a placeholder file until we get those benchmarks. I made it for anyone external who just wanted to understand the idea.

Author: We have benchmarks and a doc now but it's internal and also rough. What do we want do here?

The KV Saturation system is a flow control mechanism designed to maximize sampling throughput in memory-intensive sampling workloads by preventing KV cache preemptions.

Currently, this feature is only available in the **Ray Serve** implementation.

## Core Concepts

### 1. Token Budgeting

> We have found that one of the causes of throughput collapse in vLLM is the "Recompute Tax" incurred when a GPU runs out of KV cache and must preempt (evict) a running request. Re-admitting that request requires a full recomputation of its prefix, which starves the GPU's compute bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have found that one of the causes of throughput collapse in vLLM is the "Recompute Tax" incurred when a GPU runs out of KV cache and must preempt (evict) a running request. Re-admitting that request requires recomputation of the preempted tokens, which creates bubbles in the GPU decode batch.
```

> The KV Saturation system eliminates this by ensuring a request is **only** admitted to a replica if that replica has enough theoretical capacity to serve the request from start to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KV Saturation system reduces this by ensuring a request is **only** admitted to a replica if that replica has enough theoretical capacity to serve the request from start to finish.
```
